changes following up discussion with eng (#4601)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/identify_synthetics_bots.md

Choose any or a variety of the following methods to identify the robots to make sure they are performing the actions you expect.

> 1. You can use the headers added to Synthetics tests. The `x-abuse-info: Request sent by a Datadog Synthetics API Check (https://docs.datadoghq.com/synthetics/) - check_id: your_check_id` header for instance is automatically added to all the requests generated by our API tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. You can use the headers added to Synthetics tests. The following header is automatically added to all requests generated by our API tests: `x-abuse-info: Request sent by a Datadog Synthetics API Check (https://docs.datadoghq.com/synthetics/) - check_id: <CHECK_ID>`
```
